docs(ux-writing): updates UX writing pages as part of content audit. (#3637)
patternfly/patternfly-org: packages/documentation-site/patternfly-docs/content/design-guidelines/content/writing-patternfly-design-guidelines.md

## Design guidelines sections
When creating guidelines, information must be presented in the following order. Sections may be omitted, but if present must use the following section headings (H2).

### Elements 
Display an image of the component containing numbered annotation tags for each major part of the component's visual design. Include specific icons, headers, fields, symbols, and anything else included in the component's structure. Following the image, list all the parts you tagged, aligning with the number displayed in the respective annotation tag. In this list, provide a description of each one. 

For example:

<img src="./img/elements-example.png" alt="A screenshot of the slider component's element section with 8 elements outlined."/>

### Usage 
Explain how the component is used, when to use it, and why it should be used. Include explanations of problems it could help solve and address its advantages over similar components. Include images for visual examples.

Additional (H3) sub-sections to include: 
#### When to use 
#### When not to use 
#### When to use X vs. Y 
#### Examples of incorrect usage 

> #### Spacing

Author: ```suggestion
#### Placement
```

> #### Placement

Author: ```suggestion
```

### Behavior 
Explain how the component functions and break down how its elements interact with each other to achieve its purpose. It may be helpful to include additional images or animations to demonstrate how the component works.

### Variations 
Showcase different forms of your component and include explanations indicating when to use each one. 

Additional (H3) sub-sections to include:
#### When to use X variation vs. when to use Y variation

### Spacing 
Introduce spacing requirements for components and their content. For more information regarding proper spacing, refer to our [spacing guidelines.](/design-foundations/spacers)

> 

Author: ```suggestion

### Placement 
Provide details on how components should be located and aligned in a UI and in relation to other components. 

```

For example:

<img src="./img/elements-example.png" alt="A screenshot of the slider component's element section with 8 elements outlined."/>

### Usage (H2)
Explain how the component is used, when to use it, and why it should be used. Include explanations of problems it could help solve and address its advantages over similar components. Include images for visual examples.

Additional  sub-sections to include: 

#### When to use (H3)
#### When not to use (H3)
#### When to use X vs. Y (H3)
#### Examples of incorrect usage (H3)

### Behavior (H2)
Explain how the component functions and break down how its elements interact with each other to achieve its purpose. It may be helpful to include additional images or animations to demonstrate how the component works.

### Variations (H2)
Showcase different forms of your component and include explanations indicating when to use each one. 

Additional sub-sections to include:
#### When to use X variation vs. when to use Y variation (H3)

### Spacing (H2)
Introduce spacing requirements for components and their content. For more information regarding proper spacing, refer to our [spacing guidelines.](/design-foundations/spacers)

> ### Placement 

Author: ```suggestion
### Placement (H2)
```

> Provide details on how components should be located and aligned in a UI and in relation to other components. 

Author: ```suggestion
Provide details on where components should be located in a UI and in relation to other components. 
```

> ### Content considerations 

Author: ```suggestion
### Content considerations (H2)
```

---
id: Writing PatternFly design guidelines
section: UX writing
---

This guide provides instructions for writing clear and consistent design documentation for PatternFly. PatternFly's design guidelines provide users with information regarding the design, usage, behavior, and more of PatternFly's elements and components.

To learn how to contribute design guidelines, see our [contribution guide](https://github.com/patternfly/patternfly-org/wiki/Contributing-to-patternfly-org-for-designers).

## Design guidelines sections
When creating guidelines, information must be presented in the following order. Sections may be omitted, but if present must use the following section headings (H2).

### Elements 
Display an image of the component containing numbered annotation tags for each major part of the component's visual design. Include specific icons, headers, fields, symbols, and anything else included in the component's structure. Following the image, list all the parts you tagged, aligning with the number displayed in the respective annotation tag. In this list, provide a description of each one. 

Example:

> <img src="./img/sliderelements.png" alt="A screenshot of the slider component's element section with 8 elements outlined." width="600px" />

Reviewer: Not sure why, but this image looks so small.. try removing the "px" from the width?

Author: I updated it to 750 and it looks a little better. Do you think the image is too busy for what it's trying to demonstrate? I'm 50/50. Could be better to show a simpler one like [chip](https://patternfly-org-pr-3637-site.surge.sh/components/chip/design-guidelines) or I could make a more abstract image. IDK this may be splitting hairs haha maybe I just get tripped up by this image when reading the page because my brain doesn't register it as an example at first

Reviewer: @edonehoo I agree that it might be a lot, and it kinda blends into the rest of the guidelines in a weird way, so it also wasn't apparent to me that it was an example at first haha so yeah maybe try switching it out with a simpler version of that example (like chips) and add a white background to the artboard maybe so it stands out more from the rest of the page?

### Usage 
Explain how the component is used, when to use it, and why it should be used. Include explanations of problems it could help solve and address its advantages over similar components. Include images for visual examples.

Additional sub-sections to include: 
#### When to use (H3)
#### When not to use (H3)
#### When to use X vs. Y (H3)
#### Examples of incorrect usage (H3)

### Behavior 
Explain how the component functions and break down how its elements interact with each other to achieve its purpose. It may be helpful to include additional images or animations to demonstrate how the component works.

### Variations 
Showcase different forms of your component and include explanations indicating when to use each one. 

Additional sub-sections to include:
#### When to use X variation vs. when to use Y variation (H3)

### Spacing 

> Introduce spacing requirements for components and their content. For more information regarding proper spacing, refer to our [spacing guidelines.](https://www.patternfly.org/v4/guidelines/spacers/)

Reviewer: the "spacing guidelines" link needs to be updated! -- it's now "https://www.patternfly.org/design-foundations/spacers"
